Victorians once used leeches to predict the weather.
Your funny bone is actually a nerve.
The chief translator of the European Parliament speaks 32 languages fluently.
The most requested funeral song in England is by Monty Python.
Research shows that all blue-eyed people may be related.
Charles Darwin's personal pet tortoise didn't die until recently.
The average person will spend six months of their life waiting for red turn green.
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.
President Lyndon B. Johnson owned a water-surfing car.
David Bowie helped topple the Berlin Wall.
Cherophobia is the word for the irrational fear of being happy.
You can hear a blue whale's heartbeat from two miles away.
Nearly 30,000 rubber ducks were lost at sea in 1992 and are still being discovered.
There's a Manhattan-specific ant.
The inventor of the frisbee was turned into a frisbee after he died.
There's a bridge exclusively for squirrels.
Subway footlongs aren't always a foot long.
Marie Curie's notebooks are still radioactive.
One in three divorce filings include the word "Facebook."
Blood banks in Sweden notify donors when blood is used.
Instead of saying "cheese" before taking a picture, Victorians said "prunes."
Roosters have built-in earplugs.
The Netherlands is so safe, it imports criminals to fill jails.
One journal published a fake paper about Star Trek.
The world's largest pyramid isn't in Egypt.
Coke saved one town from the Great Depression.
We may have already had alien contact.
Yes, you can smell rain.
London cabbies have to memorize literally everything.
There was a secret Baseball Hall of Fame inductee.
Dolphins have actual names.
Superman helped take down the KKK.
A wild dog is the most successful predator in the animal kingdom.
Medicine bottle foil seals exists because of poison.
Sears used to sell houses.
Tons of countries celebrate their independence from the U.K.
There's an encrypted monument outside the CIA.
Manhattan tap water isn't kosher.
Timothy Leary busted out of prison.
Cold water is just as cleansing as hot water.
Incan people used knots to keep records.
A U.S. Park Ranger once got hit by lightning seven times.
Queen Elizabeth wouldn't sit on the Iron Throne.
A hiker found and returned an ancient wallet.
Water bottle expiration dates are for the bottle, not the water.
South Koreans are four centimeters taller than North Koreans.
Animal shelters are slammed on July 5.
The world's most successful pirate was a woman.
There may be treasure in Virginia.
Rich Russians hire fake ambulances.
A sea lion once saved a man.
Pandas fake pregnancy for better care.
Milk wagons gave us roadway lines.
Beloved children's book author Roald Dahl was a spy.
Businesses once didn't see the value of diaper stations.
NASCAR drivers can lose up to 10 pounds in sweat due to high temperatures during races.
Indians spend 10+ hours a week reading, more than any other country in the world.
The Aurora Borealis has a sister phenomenon in the southern hemisphere called the Aurora Australis.
Pineapples were named after pine cones.
Cap'N'Crunch's full name is Horatio Magellan Crunch.
Apple briefly had its own clothing and lifestyle line in 1986.
The IKEA catalog is the most widely printed book in history.
Bacon's saltiness isn't natural—it comes from curing and brining.
Crocodiles are one of the oldest living species, having survived for more than 200 million years.
There was a fifth Beatle named Stuart Sutcliffe.
The cracking sound your joints make is the sound of gases being released.
Your bones can multiply in density—times eight.
Scotland has more than 400 words for "snow."
The largest snowflake on record was 15 inches wide.
Someone tried to sell New Zealand on eBay but was stopped once the bid reached $3,000.
A pig was once executed for murdering a child in France.
The city of Boring has a sister city called Dull.
A Canadian woman who lost her wedding ring while gardening found it 13 years later growing on a carrot.
In the '90s, North Korean teachers were required to play the accordion.
McDonald's once tried to sell bubblegum-flavored broccoli to encourage kids to eat healthier.
Doritos are flammable and can be used as kindling.
The punctuation mark ?! is called an interrobang.
It's illegal to own only one guinea pig in Switzerland.
In 2016, a Florida man was charged with assault after throwing a live alligator through a drive-thru window.
American Airlines saved a boatload by removing a single olive from meals.
Display of green and black olives
Great Britain once had a Cones Hotline for people to report rogue traffic cones.
Starbucks flopped Down Under.
The first written use of "OMG" was in a 1917 letter to Winston Churchill.
Flamin' Hot Cheetos were invented by a janitor.
Melting glaciers make a fizzy sound called "bergy seltzer."
The largest living organism is an aspen grove in Utah called Pando.
Flipping a shark upside down renders it immobile for up to 15 minutes.
Male students at Brigham Young University in Utah need special permission to grow a beard.
When Koko the gorilla met Mister Rogers, she took off his shoes as she had seen him do on his TV show.
In the 16th century, poets exchanged rap battle-like stylized insults in an act called "flyting."
Astronaut Alan Shepard hit two golf balls on the moon's surface.
If you die alone in the Netherlands, someone will write you a poem and recite it at your funeral.
Beauty and the Beast was written to help girls accept arranged marriages.
The first rollercoaster was invented at Coney Island as a way to distract people from sinful activities.
Continental plates drift at about the same rate as fingernails grow.
The German word "kummerspeck" means weight gained from emotional eating.
Hitler's nephew wrote an essay defaming the dictator, then moved to the U.S. and served in the Navy to fight his uncle.
Brunch was originally invented to cure hangovers.
More human twins are being born now than ever before.
The first person convicted of speeding was going eight mph.
A narwhal's tusk reveals its past living conditions.
"New car smell" is the scent of dozens of chemicals.
The world wastes about 1 billion metric tons of food each year.
Hair and nails grow faster during pregnancy.
The severed head of a sea slug can grow a whole new body.
The world's smallest reptile was first reported in 2021.
Many feet bones don't harden until you're an adult.
Some sea snakes can breathe through their skin.
The heads on Easter Island have bodies.
The moon has moonquakes.
Goosebumps are meant to ward off predators.
There's no such thing as "pear cider."
Pineapple works as a natural meat tenderizer.
Humans are the only animals that blush.
The wood frog can hold its pee for up to eight months.
The feeling of getting lost inside a mall is known as the Gruen transfer.
The hottest spot on the planet is in Libya.
You lose up to 30 percent of your taste buds during flight.
Your nostrils work one at a time.
Only two mammals like spicy food: humans and the tree shrew.
Rabbits can't puke.
A chef's toque contains 100 folds.
The "M's" in M&Ms stand for "Mars" and "Murrie."
The human body literally glows.
Copper door knobs are self-disinfecting.
Cotton candy was invented by a dentist.
Marie Curie is the only person to earn a Nobel prize in two different sciences.
The English word with the most definitions is "set."
Fingernails don't grow after you die.
Creedence Clearwater Revival has the most No. 2 Billboard hits—without ever hitting No. 1.
Pigeons can tell the difference between a painting by Monet and Picasso.
The dot over the lower case "i" or "j" is known as a "tittle."
Chewing gum boosts concentration.
Superman didn't always fly.
The first computer was invented in the 1940s.
Space smells like seared steak.
The longest wedding veil was the same length as 63.5 football fields.
Bees sometimes sting other bees.
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.
Kids ask 300 questions a day.
The total weight of ants on earth once equaled the total weight of people.
"E" is the most common letter and appears in 11 percent of all english words.
The healthiest place in the world is in Panama.
A dozen bodies were once found in Benjamin Franklin's basement.
A pharaoh once lathered his slaves in honey to keep bugs away from him.
Some people have an extra bone in their knee (and it's getting more common).
Pringles aren't actually potato chips.
There's a giant fish with a transparent head.
There's a decorated war hero dog.
Showers really do spark creativity.
Abraham Lincoln's bodyguard left his post at Ford's Theatre to go for a drink.
Dolphins have been trained to be used in wars.
Children's medicine once contained morphine.
Playing the accordion was once required for teachers in North Korea.
Plastic Easter eggs and plastic Easter grass were invented by a man who holds more patents than Thomas Edison.
One man has saved more than 200 people from suicide.
Most laughter isn't because things are funny.
Water makes different pouring sounds depending on its temperature.
Dogs actually understand some English.
Our European ancestors were cannibals.
You have a nail in your body.
Pro baseball once had women players.
Redheads aren't actually going extinct.
Koalas have fingerprints.
Riding a roller coaster could help you pass a kidney stone.
Humans are just one of the estimated 8.7 million species on Earth.
Dinosaurs lived on every continent.
Bee hummingbirds are so small they get mistaken for insects.
Sea lions can dance to a beat.
Rolls-Royce makes the most expensive car in the world.
The famed "Typhoid Mary" infected more than 50 people by cooking for them.
The legend of the Loch Ness Monster goes back nearly 1,500 years.
Chinese police use geese squads.
Nutmeg can be fatally poisonous.
The first iPhone wasn't made by Apple.
There's a country where twins are most likely to be born.
The Comic Sans font came from an actual comic book.
For 100 years, maps have shown an island that doesn't exist.
Babies are physical anomalies.
The Queen has some hidden hideaways.
The Australian government banned the word "mate" for a day.
The man who wrote Dracula never visited Transylvania.
Many languages have the same roots.
A tick bite can make you allergic to red meat.
Harriet Tubman was even more heroic than you thought.
Tornadoes can cause "fish rain."
Napoleon was once attacked by thousands of rabbits.
Star Trek's Scotty stormed the beach at Normandy.
Apple Pie isn't actually American.
Mr. Cherry breaks all the records you've never heard of.
Pigs are constitutionally protected in Florida.
Mr. Cherry breaks all the records you've never heard of.
Some planets produce diamond rain.
Sharks can live for five centuries.
There's an entire town under a rock.
The Bermuda Triangle isn't any more likely to cause a mysterious disappearance than anywhere else.
It is illegal to sell a "bounceless" pickle to somebody in Connecticut.
There's a world record—and a happy ending—for the greatest distance thrown in a car accident.
You can sneeze faster than a cheetah can run.
The fire hydrant patent was lost in a fire.
Saudi Arabia imports camels from Australia.
The cast of Friends still earns around $20 million each year.
One man once survived two atomic bombs.
Pluto technically isn't even a year old.
Cows kill more Americans each year than sharks do.
Newborns don't have kneecaps.
In Germany, people help toads cross the road.
Cheetahs don't roar.
France has a dozen time zones.
Blue Ivy Carter is the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart.
Humans aren't the only species to adopt.
The majority of Americans choose dogs over love.
The first Star Wars was expected to be a flop.
Your liver can regrow itself in three weeks.
Danes once bred a pig to look like the flag.
Dogs like squeaky toys for a dark reason.
A 70-year-old woman once completed seven marathons in seven days, across all seven continents.
The man who founded Atari also started Chuck E. Cheese.
One man was once constipated for nearly two months.
Beethoven could still hear after going deaf.
Most people break up on Mondays.
There may be 2,000 active serial killers in the U.S. right now.
Ants have a built-in FitBit.
Crows holds grudges.
Canada once heavily targeted LGBTQ individuals.
Stressed men have altered proclivities.
You can always "see" your nose.
Bill Gates has donated nearly half his fortune.
A restaurant in New York employs grandmas as chefs.
America's first bank robber deposited the money back into the same bank.
Shaq only ever made one three-pointer.
Sharks existed before trees.
Germany uncovers 2,000 tons of unexploded bombs every year.
And trees weren't always biodegradable.
You're pronouncing Dr. Seuss' name wrong.
The Silverback gorilla can lift almost a literal ton.
Nearly all species to have ever existed on Earth are extinct.
Detroit undercover cops in a drug ring once fought another group of undercover cops.
There is an immortal jellyfish.
Every time you shuffle a deck of cards, you get a combination that's never existed.
America accidentally dropped an atom bomb on South Carolina in 1958.
Actor Bill Murray uses a 1-800 number instead of an agent or manager.
Cats once delivered mail in Belgium.
Baby blue whales grow 200 pounds per day.
It's a myth that people are either "left-brained" or "right-brained."
Women are attracted to the scent of Good & Plenty licorice candy and cucumber.
There's a device that creates energy from snowfall.
A mermaid "documentary" once fooled so many people that the U.S. government had to issue a statement.
The Iowa State Fair holds quirky competitions like a beard-growing contest and a husband-calling contest.
There's a textbook written entirely by an AI author.
Earth won't always have the same North Star.
There's an entire family in Italy that feels almost no pain.
Hitler had a flatulence problem.
The word "hipster" goes all the way back to the 1930s.
Guinea pigs were once sacrificed wearing earrings and necklaces and wrapped like sushi.
Scientists were able to take a picture of an atom's shadow.
The Twitter bird's official name Is Larry.
Maine is the only state that borders just one other state.
The longest book title contains 1,809 words.
Allergy season is getting longer and more intense each year.
There's a reason there's a hole in your pen caps.
Some Maryland residents are taxed for the rain.
You can learn the High Valyrian language from Game of Thrones with an online course.
Scientists have partially revived disembodied pig brains.
Beaver bum goo is occasionally used to enhance vanilla flavorings.
Astronauts in space are exposed to the same amount of radiation as 150 to 6,000 chest x-rays.
The U.S. almost went to war with Canada over a pig.
Tornados used to be called "twirlblasts" and "twirlwinds" in the 18th century.
The Sundance Kid took his nickname from the town of Sundance, Wyoming.
The word "MacGyvered" is in the Oxford English Dictionary.
Eating your offspring may be a sign of good parenting in some species.
Kentucky has more bourbon than people.
Jupiter's red spot is getting taller and smaller at the same time.